docs/Secrets Within the Compound Wiki/Roles/Loyalist/Agent/Coordinator.md, before:

---
tags:
- Loyalist
- Agent
- Human
---
> [!infobox]
> # Coordinator
> ######
> |  |  |
> | ---- | ---- |
> | Team | [[Loyalist]] |
> | Type | [[Agent]] |
> | [[Module]] | [[Standard Procedure]] |
> | [[Attributes]] | Human |
>  “Listen, I know your family just got eaten, but can you please explain why you’re underperforming in all key metrics?”
# Ability
You start knowing that 1 of 3 players is a specific [[Detrimental]] [[role]] or that 0 are in-play.

# Examples
- The Coordinator wakes up on the first night, and learns that John, Jane, or Adam is the Underachiever. Adam is the Underachiever.
- The Coordinator wakes up on the first night, and learns that there are 0 [[Detrimental|Detrimentals]] in play.
- The Coordinator is [[malfunctioning]]. The Coordinator wakes up on the first night, and falsely learns that John, Jane, or Eve is the Underachiever.

# How to Play
- You should try to correlate your information with other player's information to try and work out who is the [[Detrimental]] [[role]] that you learnt.
- As a start knowing [[role]], as soon as you've received your information your ability has been used. This makes you an ideal candidate for attempting strategies like swapping [[Role|roles]] with another player or bluffing to try and get the [[Subversive]] team to waste their abilities on you.

# How to Narrate
- The first night that the Coordinator is in play wake up the Coordinator. Tell them that 1 of 3 players is a specific [[Detrimental]] [[role]] or that there are 0 [[Detrimental]] [[Role|roles]] in this game. Send them back to sleep.

# Additional Information

Commit message:

More changes for consistancy
Replaced all instances of "falsely" with "incorrectly"
Added example to Coordinator with Prisoner.
Other minor fixes.

docs/Secrets Within the Compound Wiki/Roles/Loyalist/Agent/Coordinator.md, after:

---
tags:
- Loyalist
- Agent
- Human
---
> [!infobox]
> # Coordinator
> ######
> |  |  |
> | ---- | ---- |
> | Team | [[Loyalist]] |
> | Type | [[Agent]] |
> | [[Module]] | [[Standard Procedure]] |
> | [[Attributes]] | Human |
>  “Listen, I know your family just got eaten, but can you please explain why you’re underperforming in all key metrics?”
# Ability
You start knowing that 1 of 3 players is a specific [[Detrimental]] [[role]] or that 0 are in-play.

# Examples
- The Coordinator wakes up on the first night, and learns that John, Jane, or Adam is the Underachiever. Adam is the Underachiever.
- The Coordinator wakes up on the first night, and learns that there are 0 [[Detrimental|Detrimentals]] in play.
- The Coordinator wakes up on the first night. There is 1 [[Detrimental]] in play, but they are the [[Prisoner]]. The Coordinator incorrectly learns that there are 0 [[Detrimental|Detrimentals]] in play.
- The Coordinator is [[malfunctioning]]. The Coordinator wakes up on the first night, and incorrectly learns that John, Jane, or Eve is the Underachiever.

# How to Play
- You should try to correlate your information with other player's information to try and work out who is the [[Detrimental]] [[role]] that you learnt.
- As a start knowing [[role]], as soon as you've received your information your ability has been used. This makes you an ideal candidate for attempting strategies like swapping [[Role|roles]] with another player or bluffing to try and get the [[Subversive]] team to waste their abilities on you.

# How to Narrate
- The first night that the Coordinator is in play wake up the Coordinator. Tell them that 1 of 3 players is a specific [[Detrimental]] [[role]] or that there are 0 [[Detrimental]] [[Role|roles]] in this game. Send them back to sleep.

# Additional Information
